hi I'm Richard and I invented kabum so
that we could take our grandchildren
away with us I hope that you're going to
enjoy using yours before you use it for
the first time we have to fit it into
your vehicle it's very simple it only
takes two tools one is to level your
vehicle and to check that you've leveled
the Caban pole afterwards and one is a
crosshead screwdriver so it couldn't be
simpler and those parts to install it
for the first time will take 15-20
minutes and then you set up for holidays
for years to come and you can then in
fit the car bunk each evening and it'll
take 25 seconds maximum
now the first thing and being motorhome
as yourselves you'll understand the
importance of this you have to start
with a level vehicle because otherwise
if you fit it with a non level vehicle
your bunk is forever going to be late at
a crazy angle so use a surface that you
trust on a spirit level and check
especially for the across band levelness
you may wish to check for the forward to
backward but that's not critical in this
case so check that you've got a level
vehicle so put it on a nice piece of
concrete somewhere and then check for
them
first thing you need to establish after
you've leveled the van is the cab UNK
hangs over here and the bunk starts here
which is in each model on the see of
your headrest it's been designed to go
to the seam of your headrest so what
you'll notice here is if we follow that
line round and it doesn't have to be
exact because a hammock forms it finds
its own level so don't worry about that
it has to be roughly on that level that
you put your hammock pole brackets I've
got that one already installed for you
I'm about to show you how to fix that
but that's where you need to take your
leveled so what you do when you've got
your level of where you want the first
bracket to go which is as I said at the
same height as the seam on the seat of
the headrest you then will place the
bracket on the wall just behind the
bulkhead and this is a side wall and
this bracket will be hidden by curtains
usually there's normally a window there
normally it's in the as you can see the
the curtain will hide the bracket for
when you're not not camping and then we
flipped screw two and three both of
which are stainless steel screws you may
have an electric drill screwdriver that
you use if you do use it on a low torque
setting so that it doesn't strip the
strip the the screw fixings
if in any doubt get in touch with me you
can always bring the vehicle to us and
we'll do this it's literally 20 minutes
work and having fitted this one we're
going to put the pole across once this
is just hand tight and then we're going
to level the pole and fit the other
bracket at the same level on the
opposite wall and then it's done then to
establish the level of the right hand
pole holder we place the pole in the
left hand one that we've just fitted and
we'd go across to the other side with
the spirit on the pole and we
established that the pole is level so on
this other side
I've already fitted the bracket but what
you can see that you need to do is you
need to take a level from your other one
and then just mark this up if you're
going to pilot hole you must use a very
small drill very short I would recommend
that actually you just use the stainless
steel screws on a low torque setting
with an electric drill and just click
them in there go in ever so easily
anyway so mark it set it up one two
three put the screws in Bob's your uncle
you're done
and that shows the poll is now level the
next time we'll see the poll it will be
within the material of the actual car
bunk in the real wood poll slot
you